Mistake calm down
Exactly the same.
Is that possible?
Why not?
And the world is just as big.
People who look exactly the same
I swiped it when I swiped the short video hahaha
You lied to others.
You can't fool me
Yes, you just said that.
You're about to get investment from Story Group.
Right? That's right.
We will sign a contract with Assistant Sun next week.
Then I will inform you now
We are about to withdraw
Ouch you fake
I really think I'm the head of Story Group
Ouch, I immediately
Let Assistant Sun terminate his investment in you
Hahahaha
Okay, okay, you better do what you say.
Or I'll interrupt you
How can you be so capable?
Can you be the master of Gu Zhenting?
I don't have the skills, but you do.
i
You send a text message to Gu Zhenting immediately
Just say that the boss of Tiansheng Group has offended you.
Hope to withdraw investment in Tiansheng
I took advantage of this opportunity
Let him change his impression of you
I give orders to the richest man in Haicheng
Yeah, I'm not that attractive.
What does this have to do with glamour?
Mommy, you can do it.
As soon as this text message is sent
Gu Zhengting will definitely scold me to death